feat: lwc link & bio (#2)
devstrons/bugtrons-2: README.md

 
- [DEVSTRONS'](https://devstrons.bio.link/): Student-run Open source/ project-based, inclusive & diverse community intending to Learn, Code and Tron (grow).

> - [Learn With Community](http://learnwithcommunity.bio.link): A tech community, focusing on the best way of learn, learning together.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Learn With Community](https://learnwithcommunity.bio.link): A tech community, focusing on the best way to learn, learning together.
```

Reviewer 2: @krishguptadev, have you discussed with LWC Core to change this description in Bugtrons, as the present description is Tagline of LWC?

Author: Yes, these changes are been discussed with Aditya.
